---
toc: true
comments: false
layout: post
title: Week 1 plans
description: Displays the plans for this week
type: plans
courses: { compsci: {week: 1} }
---

Week 1 has a two point Live-Review assignment. In this assignment my partner and I will be in a live session with Mr. Mortensen, and show him our websites, github pages, talk about the challenges we faced, and show him certain tools. In this assignment you must upload you're freeform picture that you must sketch online, and write a little bit about yourself, and customize the website as you please. In order to recieve full credit, you must do everything that is asked, and also do something extra. For extra credit, I have customized my website theme, added more images and videos, built a mini game, and designed the Blog Page. My main goal for this week is to get a high A on the Live-Review.

### PBL Unit 1 / Week 1
Learning outcome. Building a personal and running GitHub Pages.
- Monday: The solution to fix the make file was discovered, allowing my partner and I to succesfully run the website locally on my machine. We started customizing the home page, and removing elements that weren't necessary.
- Tuesday: Today I Read [Markdown Student Page](https://nighthawkcoders.github.io/teacher//c4.3/c5.0/2023/08/17/markdown-html_fragments.html), and Attended Office Hours on Updating Home Page and Plan Page. I finished drawing a perfect freeform picture, and uploaded it onto my website. On my home page, I uploaded my freeform picture, and provided a description about my free form picture. I also started to add some more images that would reflect some of my interests.
- Wednesday: Today I continued my work Plan Page and Home Page.  Preparations with my parter on the live review had began. I figured out how to embed links in my home page, and decided to add a social media tab, along with one of my favorite youtube video from my favorite youtuber. In order to exceed expectations, I started researching on how I could change the theme of my website.
- Thursday: 10:45 live review per Canvas. I Read [Linux Shell and Bash](https://nighthawkcoders.github.io/teacher//5.a/c4.1/2023/08/16/linux_shell_IPYNB_2_.html). I tranferred blog and customized my lab notebook.I developed a little quiz that could be uploaded onto my website, which took a lot of effort. After understanding and writing the code, I also figured out how to change the theme, to something that I liked more. My partner and I brainstormed on some things we would say in our live review.
- Friday: Continuation for my partner and I to practice and wait for our live review, refined website further.


### Pair Planning Meeting
> Update Blog to contain all hacks.  Review week with Pair and look ahead and start plan for next week.  Try to be done and learn your machine before Monday EOD.
- A laptop, that you bring to class every day with ability to operate Development Tools on it or within the Cloud.
- GitHub Account, VSCode will be used to push/pull changes. GitHub is where we store and share code in the cloud, think of Google Docs but for Code.
- GitHub Pages will be used to host your personal blog: containing notes, answering hacks, and showing tangibles.  Building pages will teach Markdown, HTML, CSS, JavaScript and more.
- Jupyter Notebooks will be used in conjunction with GitHub Pages to build running Code in your blog.
- Slack Account, install the App on Laptop and/or phone, get used to reading announcements. Slack is the tool that we will use for messaging, we have been averaging 1000s of essages each year.
- VSCode is the code editor we will be using in this class.  VSCode is more than and editor, this type of tool is often called an Interactive Development Environment (IDE). 
- Run make commands to build and test blog locally, before pushing changes to GitHub pages.
